Tmux improvements (#3806)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/tmux.md

# tmux

> Terminal multiplexer. It allows multiple sessions with windows, panes, and more.
> More information: <https://github.com/tmux/tmux>.

- Start a new session:

`tmux`

- Start a new named session:

`tmux new-session -s {{name}}`

- List existing sessions:

`tmux ls`

> - Attach to your last used session:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Attach to the most recently used session:
```

....we prefer to avoid `your` etc in tldr pages.

`tmux attach-session`

- Attach to a named session:

`tmux attach-session -t {{name}}`

> - Detach from your current session (with prefix Ctrl-B):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Detach from the current session (with prefix Ctrl-B):
```

`Ctrl-B d`

- Kill a session by name:

`tmux kill-session -t {{name}}`

> - Kill your current session (with prefix Ctrl-B):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Kill the current session (with prefix Ctrl-B):
```

# tmux

> > Tmux is a terminal multiplexer. It lets you switch easily between several programs in one terminal, detach them (they keep running in the background) and reattach them to a different terminal.

Reviewer: Wow, lots of words here. Perhaps we can trim this down a bit? The description is meant to serve as a brief summary.

# tmux

> > Terminal multiplexer. It allows for having multiple sessions with windows, panes, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Terminal multiplexer. It allows multiple sessions with windows, panes, and more.
```
Seems simpler.

# tmux

> > Tmux is a terminal multiplexer. It allows you to have multiple sessions with windows, panes, and so much more!

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Terminal multiplexer. It allows for having multiple sessions with windows, panes, and more.
```

Just a little more formal to fit with other pages :-)

> Tmux is a terminal multiplexer. It lets you switch easily between several programs in one terminal, detach them (they keep running in the background) and reattach them to a different terminal.
> More information: <https://github.com/tmux/tmux>.

> > By default, your tmux prefix is Ctrl-b.  In the examples below, it'll mention {{prefix}}.

Reviewer 2: This format in itself is a bit unusual for the pages. Maybe it should be moved above the more information line?

Author: I was attempting to use something close to the Vim page:
> Vim (Vi IMproved), a command-line text editor, provides several modes for different kinds of text manipulation.
> Pressing `i` enters edit mode. `<Esc>` goes back to normal mode, which doesn't allow regular text insertion.
> More information: <https://www.vim.org>.

I agree that the more information link should be last.

> Tmux is a terminal multiplexer. It lets you switch easily between several programs in one terminal, detach them (they keep running in the background) and reattach them to a different terminal.
> More information: <https://github.com/tmux/tmux>.

> > By default, your tmux prefix is Ctrl-b.  In the examples below, it'll mention prefix. If you haven't changed your prefix, use Ctrl-b.  If you have, use your prefix.

Reviewer 2: It should be Ctrl-B or Ctrl+B. What do others think?

Author: Are you referring to how I talk about the keybinding?

Ex. Ctrl-b -> Ctrl-B

Reviewer 2: Yes

Author: I'll switch to Ctrl-B.  If anyone disagrees, I can make a further change later.
